Regex Memo (#15)
CorentinTh/it-tools: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## 1.8.1
> - [fix] Fix bugs in Regex Memo textarea
> 
> ## 1.8.0
> - [feat] [REGEX memo](https://it-tools.tech/regex-memo)
> 
> ## 1.7.0
> - [feat] [Crontab friendly generator](https://it-tools.tech/crontab-generator)

Reviewer: Leave the version as next. I'll upgrade it when realising a new version

```suggestion
## Next
- [fix] Fix bugs in Regex Memo textarea
- [feat] [REGEX memo](https://it-tools.tech/regex-memo)
- [feat] [Crontab friendly generator](https://it-tools.tech/crontab-generator)
```
